#Code Book

Data Frame: activitylabels (dataframe)
Description: The activitylabels contains the 6 different activities that are monitored.
Columns:
1. activitykey: integer: contains the primary key for the activity type.
2. activity: factor: contains the descriptions for the activity. The activies are WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, and LAYING.

Data Frame: features (dataframe)
Description: The activitylabels contains the 6 different activities that are monitored.
Columns:
1. featurekey: integer: contains the primary key for the feature.
2. feature: factor: contains the name of the feature.

Data Frame: testdata (dataframe)
Description: This file contains the test data from the zip file. There are over 560 columns that contain various measures from the study. The measures contain values that are between -1 and 1. 

Data Frame: testdatalables (dataframe)
Description: This contains 1 column of data that contains the activity key. This will later be merged to the testdata file.
Columns: 
1. activitykey: integer:  contains the primary key for the activity type.

Data Frame: testdatasubject (dataframe)
Description: This contains 1 column of data that contains the subject key. This will later be merged to the testdata file.
Columns:
1. subjectkey: integer: Contains the primary key for subject.


Data Frame: trainingdata (dataframe)
Description: This file contains the training data from the zip file. There are over 560 columns that contain various measures from the study. The measures contain values that are between -1 and 1. 

Data Frame: trainingdatalables (dataframe)
Description: This contains 1 column of data that contains the activity key. This will later be merged to the trainingdata file.
Columns: 
1. activitykey: integer:  contains the primary key for the activity type.

Data Frame: trainingdatasubject (dataframe)
Description: This contains 1 column of data that contains the subject key. This will later be merged to the trainingdata file.
Columns:
1. subjectkey: integer: Contains the primary key for subject.


Data Frame: mergedtraining (dataframe)
Description: the columns from the trainingdatasubject are combined to the traiining data set.


Data Frame: mergedtraining2 (dataframe)
Description: The column from the traininglables are combined with the mergedtraining.

Data Frame: mergedtest (dataframe)
Description: the columns from the testdatasubject are combined to the test data set.


Data Frame: mergedtest2 (dataframe)
Description: The column from the testlables are combined with the mergedtest.

Data Frame: mergedfinal (dataframe)
Description: Columns are extracted if they contain a mean or std. The columns that they'll later be grouped to are also kept.

Data Frame: groupedaggregate (dataframe)
Description: The mean for all the subjects and activities are calculated in this data frame.
